Criswell house parties Katy Christiansen
this morning after shoot around caught
up with the Kings Francisco Garcia
thanks grant Cisco let's talk a little
bit about the fact that just recently
everyone's roles have kind of been
defined John's been the first one coming
off the bench kind of at the to the wing
spot and you've been coming off at the
point what does that been like for you
that it's been a little bit I'm more
defined oh yeah is is better now because
I now we know when we have to be ready
and what we have to do when we get on
the floor so no we're getting used to
and now caving is down so no man is
gonna go up a little bit we have to be
more ready and does it change the way
that you prepare now that you know that
Kevin's out and you're gonna play a
bigger role earlier no no really you
know ron was telling the beginning of
the year no you know me and John to step
up and do what we got to do and now we
have to do the same thing now their
payments out you guys have been home for
a while and playing really exciting
basketball and now you're about to go on
the road for six games in the next two
weeks are you gonna be able to carry
that energy over yeah I mean we have to
keep it rolling no place together like
we've been doing here holing up
okay get this last game at home right
now go to Denver get down and then come
back against me walking up then we go
into the row but no we playing very good
basketball and always gotta keep it
going
and you obviously play a big part in the
exciting games at home you just seem to
be kind of unconscious out there it
doesn't matter what point in the game it
is what's on the line have you always
been that type of a player yeah you know
I like the big games Thank You Sara no
no no I think he's got he was giving me
this opportunity to take these big shots
in the end of the game so you know I
just if I had it on the road I'm gonna
take it - thanks let's go back to your
grant all right Katie we appreciate that
we look forward to seeing Cisco with his
elevated minutes he will be a big factor
in the absence of Kevin Martin fans
filing in and we will come back with
tip-off next here on Comcast SportsNet